1. Verify chatbox is available on the right corner botton of the page
2. Verify the message 'Hi there 👋 Thanks for visiting Amwell! Want to hear a secret?' is displayed upon clicking the chatbox and below options are displayed
	2.1. I love secrets! What is it?
	2.2 No thanks, I'm just poking around.
3. Verify clicking on cancel button closes the chat window
4. Verify there is an water mark text displayed when the chat window is opened as ' choose an option above' and it should be non clickable
5. Verify the current user time is displayed on the middle part at the starting
6. Verify the chatbox responds with below messages when ' I love secrets! What is it?' is clicked
	6.1.Amwell was ranked #1 in the J.D. Power 2020 U.S. Telehealth Satisfaction Study!  🏆 Specifically for the best direct-to-consumer consultation, enrollment, billing and payment.
	6.2.Want to learn how Amwell can help you?
	6.3 Sure and may be later user action buttons displayed 
7. Verify the above messages are displayed with the time stamp
8. Verify the below messages are displayed when clicked on ' Sure option from the above messages'
	8.1 No problem!
	8.2 It would help if I knew a little more about you. What type of organization do you work for?
	8.3 Health plan, Health system , Private practice, Government options to select

9. Verify the below messages are displayed when ' Health plan' is clicked
	9.1 What type of plan are you seeking solutions for? 
	9.2 Commercial, Medicare, Medicaid and Multiple options to select
10. Verify the below messages are displayes when clicked on ' Commercial'
	10.1. How many members do you have?
	10.2 Over 100000 and under 100000
11. verify the message from amway is displayed as below when over 100000 is selected
	11.1 Let's find an Amwell representative who can help answer your questions and provide you with additional information.
	11.2 In case we get disconnected, what it the best email address to reach you?
	11.3 Text box should be enabled to enter the email id with an option to attach teh filed and GIF messages
12. Verify when the user enters first character / uploads the file send button is enabled 
13. Verify the error messages shown from amway stating ' Sorry, that address does not look right. Please try again.  ' when entered email is wrong or incorrect format of file uploaded and message ' In case we get disconnected, what it the best email address to reach you? '
14. Verify the message ' Looks like a personal email address. Please provide your work email address. ' is displayed when correct email is entered but its of personal email id.
15. Verify that there is no option to go back the only option is closing the browser or by reloading the page
16. Verify the below message are displyed when clicked on ' No thanks, I'm just poking around.'
	16.1 No problem!
	16.2 Maybe I can help you find what you're looking for?
	16.3 I/m exploring sols, To see a doctor, I need product support, im analyst
17. Verify the below options are displayed when ' Im exploring sols'
	17.1 Health plan, Health system , Private practice, Government options to select
18. Verify the below options when ' To see a doctor' is clicked
	18.1 Please wait link wiht health care options are displaeyed
19. Verify upon clicking the link it is taking to correct page other than blank
20. Verify the chatbox window statys even after scrolling up and down 
21. Verify the below messages are displayed when clicked on ' May be later'
	21.1 No problem!
	22.2 Maybe I can help you find what you're looking for?
	23.3 I/m exploring sols, To see a doctor, I need product support, im analyst
22. Verify upon page refresh the chatbox messages are preserved or the chatting will start from first
23. Verify if there is an intereption and again we are able to resume where we left



